docs(js): Update lazy-load-sentry.mdx (#2734)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/install/lazy-load-sentry.mdx

Because we inject our SDK asynchronously, we will only monitor *global errors* and *unhandled promise* for you until the SDK is fully loaded. That means that we might miss breadcrumbs during the download.

For example, a user clicking on a button on your website is making an XHR request. We will not miss any errors, only breadcrumbs and only up until the SDK is fully loaded. You can reduce this time by manually calling `forceLoad` or set `data-lazy="no"`.

> If you want to understand the inner workings of the loader itself, you can read documented source code in all its glory in our [sentry-javascript repository](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/blob/master/packages/browser/src/loader.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to understand the inner workings of the loader itself, you can read the documented source code in all its glory over at the [sentry-javascript repository](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/blob/master/packages/browser/src/loader.js).
```
